Hannah was perturbed in her spirit. She had been at work when she heard the news about the new
policy that her government had signed. Being a lawyer, she had immediately delved into what the new
policy was about. She spent the remaining hours of her work time carrying out her research. She knew
not to be focused on the surface news that popped up on the search engine as they never revealed their
real intentions there. She had her reliable sources and reached out to some of them.
After several hours of making calls and reading hidden write-ups sent to her by her sources, what she
found was disturbing! She discovered that the policy was designed to keep her country in bondage and
abject poverty. She knew that there was foul play involved; it was either the government had been
threatened and forced to sign the policy or the government had sold the country for power and money.
Either way, she had to do something about it.
When she got home from work, she turned on the television and the news of the policy popped up.
What surprised her was that people were rejoicing about it in the background while the government
were spitting out lies. The people were being deceived and no one was batting an eye. She dropped to
her knees in prayer with tears in her eyes. She prayed that the Lord will deliver her nation from the
hands of evil men who sought to bring it down for their own selfishness and greed.
The next day, she went to church for the weekly evangelism and cell meeting which held every Saturday.
Being a cell leader, she conducted the cell meeting where she also brought up the policy. She reminded
her members of what Pastor had said during the 'Your Loveworld Sessions' about leaders that are
signing oppressive bills and policies into law and that Christians in those nations should pray for their
country. So, Hannah led her members in fervent prayer for the country. After the meeting, they also
strategized to hold daily prayer meetings specially for the nation.
However, Hannah wanted to do more. So, she found an activist group leading the call for non-
oppressive policies. She got in contact with the leader, Mark, and showed him her research. He was
stunned! "I have to confirm this information. Things could get messy if this gets out and it's found to be
false" Mark told her. She agreed "Go ahead. I'm sure you have reliable sources that can confirm it. I'll be
waiting for your response." He got on it immediately and the feedback he got was in line with what
Hannah showed him. Then, he quickly gathered his members and they came up with a petition to
abolish the policy. He sent the petition to Hannah and she passed it across to her contacts.
Few weeks later, the petition started gaining momentum as many got to find out the truth such that
about 500, 000 people had signed the petition. This got the attention of the government and they
looked into the matter. In retaliation, the government banned the activist group from continuous
circulation of the petition. However, Mark and his team persisted. Hannah acted as their legal
representative as well as a force. She spent time praying while also pushing the circulation of the
petition. When the leaders in government saw that they were not going to comply, they fined them for
disinformation.
At this point, Hannah was almost discouraged. The fine was about half a million dollars; money she did
not have and even if she did, she had some debts that needed to be settled. The year was coming to an
end soon and she did not want to carry problems into the new year. Despite her thoughts, she still
encouraged Mark and his team to keep going.
Later that day, she received a post about the New Year's Eve Service holding in church by 8pm. She was
excited about it inspite of all that was going on. She was expectant and knew that she would receive the
word that will propel her forward in the new year. So she took her mind of what was happening around
her and focused on the service when the time came. She participated in every part of the service and
then it got to the climax when Pastor announced the year as the 'Year of Redemption' and explained the
message of the year. Oh boy! She was amazed! It was exacted what she needed. Pastor had said
something that she did not think of doing until then: Suing the government!
The next day, she called Mark and his team together and told them her plans. At first, they were
reluctant to execute it but after she explained to them what Pastor had shared at the New Year's Eve
Service, they were excited. They sprung into action and not long after, Hannah made available all the
required documents and evidence with the help of her law firm. They served the government a pre-
action notice and soon after, they appeared in court.
There were series of court sessions in which Hannah and team came forth with irrefutable evidence and
which the legal representatives of the government tried but failed to disprove. After the conclusion of
the final written addresses put forward by both parties, the court gave its judgment.
The policy was held to be oppressive and thus was not binding on the people! Hannah and her team
were elated. They had done it! They had saved their nation from a policy that would have brought it
down. She did not have to pay the fine after all because she had told the truth! The Spirit of God also
sent people to help her so that in a few weeks, all her debts were paid off. She became debt-free and
her nation became bondage-free!