Jeremy was fed up. His parents were at it again with their constant nagging. "Why did we not see you at the leaders' training yesterday?" "Why is it that we always have to plead with you to take up your responsibility as a Pastor's Kid?". One evening, he lashed out at them in anger "I did not ask to be born into this family! I did not ask to be a Preacher's Kid! Why won't you let me be?" Their
response had been to ground him until they could see a change, but it never lasted.
This had been the continuous story in their home. Jeremy felt that he was being pushed too hard, just because he was a child of a Pastor. Everyone had great expectations for him and he felt burdened trying to live up to everyone's expectations. He went to church every service day, he had been a cell leader for 2 years and was a member of the choir, so he was involved in ministry. What more did they want? As a result of his thinking, he carried out the work of the ministry sluggishly and without interest, so he did not yield much fruit.
On a particular day, while scrolling through social media and viewing the posts of his friends who, in his opinion, were having the time of their lives, he came across a post advertising a program titled 'Preacher's Kid Summit'. The post explained the theme of the program, talking about discovering your purpose as a preacher's kid and carrying out activities for kingdom impact and expansion. It also made a remarkable statement that he would never forget. It said "As preacher's kids, we have a calling and a place in ministry." His curiosity was triggered and he was intrigued. He planned towards the program and made up his mind to discover his purpose from this program.
On the day of the program, he was one of the first people to connect to it and he participated in every part of the program, from the prayers to the worship session and then the question and answer segment came up. All the questions he had in his heart were asked and he received the answers to all of them. One of the most striking parts of it was when someone asked about his calling as a preacher's kid and if he was also called into ministry just because his parents were in ministry.
This question had been on his mind for years; he had always assumed he and his parents had different paths to walk, he had his own life to live and it wasn't in ministry like his parents. However, listening to the program, it was revealed to him that because his parents were called, he was also called into ministry as well. One of the people on set, answering the question, further stated, "As a preacher's kid, you are first a Christian, so you should already be living your life according to the word of God." He made reference to the scriptures where God called not only Abraham but his lineage as well and the same happened with Moses too. "Thus, when God calls your parents, you're also called too; it's a whole package.God is into lineages and continuity. He would rather use someone who is already built in the word, by virtue of the environment he was brought up in, to continue to further his plan."
When Jeremy heard that, "Wow!!" He thought "I did not think about it like that, this has opened my eyes to a lot of things."
Along the line, another asked a question of how he could measure up to the perceived image of his parents, in the area of dressing, talking and generally, manner of living. "My God, it's like this program was set up just for me. How do these guys know my thoughts?" Jeremy wondered in awe.
The answer came, "You should measure up to God's perceived image of your parents and not man's image. Before you are a Pastor's Kid, you are a Christian" Jeremy sat up straight "Hmmm... there's that line again. I am first a Christian before I am a Pastor's Kid." He thought.
He returned his focus to the program "There is a particular way that a Christian should act and
function. Now, being a Preacher's Kid is a bonus, you have the image of your parents so there is a particular way you should act and carry yourself because of your heritage and lineage but first and foremost, once you function in line with God's word as a Christian, there's no need to be too mindful or conscious about other people's opinion of you because what matters most is God's view and perception of you."
He continued, "People see your parents in a certain way and it is not wrong that they should see you in that same way as well because you grew up under them, so it is natural for them to expect greatness from you. This should not seem like a chore or burden to you."
This statement opened his eyes, "I need to apologize to Mum and Dad for my behavior. I'm going to change from now on" He thought aloud.
The preacher continued, "Our parents bear the image of God and as Pastors, they are like shepherds who care and show love to their flocks and you can't be different from that because you're created in God's image too. Therefore, you should carry yourself the way God wants you to and your dressing as well, should display who you are because it is the extension of your personality. These things should come naturally from your spirit." He concluded.
At the end of the program, he was so enlightened, inspired and full of the Spirit. He spent an hour speaking in tongues and his parents came out to check if that was really their son.
Everything suddenly clicked and came into place for Jeremy. All he had needed was knowledge and he realized immediately, who he was and what he had to do.
Everyone noticed the change in him. He was excited about carrying out activities in church and most of the programs held in church were handled by him. He held various outreaches without being pushed to do so and he always came back with tremendous results. Jeremy no longer carried himself like someone whose shoulders bore the burdens of the whole world. He was a new man and he knew exactly what to do as a Christian and as a Pastor's Kid. He no longer ran away from responsibilities, instead he embraced it.
A year later, he became a Pastor with 5 new growing churches under him.