Matthew had invested so much in his business; time, energy and about two million dollars but instead of
making gains and profits, he experienced losses here and there. Frustrated that nothing seemed to be
working out, he looked for a solution elsewhere. He turned to his friends for help but they all gave one
excuse or the other. His debts were growing and he had no other source of funds. Banks and other
creditors were after him and he had to shut down his business which he had mortgaged.
One fateful day, while Matthew was in a park close to his house, contemplating running off to a
secluded place to hide from his creditors, a young man walked up to him and engaged him in a
conversation.

"Good morning Sir", he greeted Matthew with a kind smile.
"Morning" Matthew grunted. He was not in the mood for whatever the young lad had to say and he
didn't see what was good about the morning or any day in fact.
"My name is Daniel and I just need a few minutes of your time. I would like to share something
important with you."
Matthew was skeptical. 'He must be looking for someone to invest in his business. Well, jokes on him
because I'm broke', he thought.
Daniel continued, taking his silence as a go ahead "I have good news for you".

Contrary to what he thought of Daniel, Matthew perked up at the word 'good news'. He needed some
good news at this point in his life to take away part of the bleak future he was seeing for himself.
Seeing that he had caught Matthew's attention, Daniel began talking about the love of God, who Jesus is,
the significance of Jesus's death, burial and resurrection and who he is in Christ. When he finished, he
prayed for Matthew, gave him a book and invited him to church.
After Daniel left, Matthew sat back in his seat going over what he had heard. He was dumbfounded. He
had never heard such a message in his entire life, which was surprising considering that he thought of
himself as a Christian although he wasn't much of a church goer.

He looked at the book he received and saw it was a daily devotional called 'Rhapsody of Realities'. Right
there, he started going through it one page after another. He couldn't believe what he was reading. It
was as if his eyes had opened for the first time. He needed to know if what he had heard and read was
true so he made up his mind to accept the invitation.

On Sunday, Matthew was in church and he participated in every part of the service leading up to the
message. Then, it was time for the message and he heard words that transformed his life forever. The
message was on 'Redemption' and the Pastor taught that 'The Lord Jesus redeemed man from sin at the
cross, and His blood became the sacrifice for the sins of the whole world. Then He was buried, and on
the third day, God raised Him from the dead with a new life, the resurrection life. This same resurrection
life is what everyone who believes in Him has received.' It was similar to what Daniel had told him.
However there was more: Redemption had four definitions, all of which blew his mind, especially the
ones that talked about coming out of debts. He found out that the Lord wanted him to be bold and
come out of the debts and bondage that he found himself in. He made up his mind to act on all he had
heard and turn his life around. After the message, a call to salvation was made and he was the first to
step out to give his life to Christ.

Daniel met with him after the service and he expressed his profound gratitude to him for reaching out. 'I
was actually led by the Spirit of God to talk to you that day', Daniel told him. 'The Lord loves me for real'
Matthew thought in his heart.

Few months later, Matthew began experiencing sudden changes in his state and estate. This was as a
result of his continuous study, meditation and confessions of God's word. He never forgot the message
he heard that Sunday. He turned in his vouchers and coupons for actual value and he began redeeming
all he had lost and even much more. People started contacting him for contracts worth millions and
billions of dollars. He also became committed in church and moved up to being one of the top partners
in the ministry. It was indeed his 'Year of Redemption'.