I’m working on my desktop when suddenly I feel a slight pain in my eyes.
I think I need to call it a day. I've been working on this document for hours, and this slight pain is a clear indication that I need to pack up and go home. Moreover, it’s past 6 p.m.

*1 Week Later*

I’m driving to the gym, humming along to one of the latest Afrobeat gospel songs. I downloaded it last night, and I’ve had it on repeat since I woke up.
The guys are going to give me a hard time for being late, but I had some work to finish before I could close for the day.

A flash of light suddenly appears and then disappears in front of my eyes. It’s so weird I don’t even know how to explain it.
It’s strange because I don’t feel any pain in my eyes, and it’s not like I was working on my computer.

Just then, the gym building comes into view. I park the car and head in, ready to face the music for my tardiness. My buddies are all in a corner, probably halfway into their workouts.

“Hey mate! What took you so long?” Jason asks while doing chest presses.
“He needs to do 20 press-ups for being the last one to arrive…” Matthew adds.

“Guys, I’m not even up to 5 minutes late…” I try to defend myself.

We keep the banter going, and soon enough, I’ve forgotten all about the strange incident in the car.

*2 Months Later*

My phone rings.
“Hello, Sir.”
“Paul, could you please come to my office?” my boss asks.
“Okay, Sir, I’ll be there in a minute.”

I make my way to his office and let myself in after he calls for me to come in.
It’s a little darker than normal, and he’s sitting with his chair facing away from his desk toward the back wall, head raised to the ceiling.

“Good afternoon, Sir,” I greet, though I can’t hide the slight amusement in my voice. From where I’m standing, it looks like he has cucumbers on his eyes.

My boss turns his chair to face me, removing the cucumbers from his eyes.
“You can let the laughter out, Paul. I know you’re wondering what I’m up to…”
“Uhmmm well… since you mentioned it, Sir…” I manage to say, barely stifling a chuckle.

“My optician is working on medicated contact lenses for me because my vision gets blurry sometimes. In the meantime, he advised me to put sliced cucumbers on my eyes regularly, eat carrots, and generally drink lots of water. My eyes were really hurting right now, so I got someone to get me some cucumber slices.”
“Oh, I’m really sorry about that, Sir. I didn’t know you had such experiences.”

I suddenly feel a little guilty for laughing. I honestly didn’t know he was doing it out of necessity. I figured he just wanted a little rest and relaxation in the middle of the workday. But this sounds a little serious.

“There’s no need for sympathy, Paul,” he says matter-of-factly.
“You know the work we do involves looking at the screen for hours. Trust me, very soon you will be able to relate to what I’m saying.”

“Ooookay, Sir.”

“Back to business. The Creative Director of Art Match is coming in at 2 p.m. Please go through the web design for their app and see if it needs any more improvements.”

“Okay, Sir. Will do, Sir.”

*Independence Day*

It’s Independence Day, and the parents are hosting a barbecue for the whole family. It’s been a tradition for 5 years now, and it’s one of those days I really look forward to.

“Hey Dad, do you want more roast potatoes to eat with your steak?” I ask, seeing my dad has already finished all the sides on his plate.
“Yes, Paul, that would be great.”

One by one, the kids also put in their requests: “Uncle Paul, please, I want some too!” “Me three, Uncle Paul!”

They’re so adorable. My nieces and nephews love listening to war stories from my dad, their grandpa. They literally flock around him at every family gathering. The unintended consequence is that whatever Dad eats, they want to have a taste too.

I head to the buffet table where everything’s been set up and pile two plates with different side dishes, just in case. I return to our little spot, greeting familiar faces along the way.

“Thank you, Son.” “Thank you, Uncle.” “Thanks, Uncle.”
“You’re welcome. I think I'm going to sit here and relax for a while.”

Little Johnny comes to sit on my lap. Warm arms go around my neck, and a kiss follows on my cheek. How sweet.

“Mum, come have a seat. I hope you’ve rested well. Dad says you slept quite late supervising the cleaning of the house for us.”
“Yes, my love, I’m fine. I hope you’ve had enough to eat.”
“Sure, Mum. My tummy is so full, I feel like I have to hit the gym tonight just to burn some calories.”

_(Everyone laughs)_

“Grandma, please can you read this book to me?” four-year-old Samantha asks. Moving to where Mum is, she stretches her arms to be carried.
“Okay, my love, I will. Paul, please hand me my glasses from that table.”
“Yes, Mum.” I hand her the glasses.

I look at the scene in front of me with a smile: Mum, with her glasses perched on her nose, little Samantha sitting in her lap while they open a colourful kiddies’ book. Honestly, I wish I could draw or paint so I could capture the moment.

Anyway, that’s what cameras are for, right? I reach for my phone to take pictures of my family.

Suddenly, I feel a sharp pain in my eyes that causes me to drop my phone. I put pressure on my eyes with the heels of my palms, hoping to relieve some of the pain.

“Son, is everything okay?” my mum asks, immediately coming to where I’m seated.
“Yes, Mum, I’m fine. It’s just a sharp pain I felt in my eyes, but the pain will soon subside.”
“How do you know?”
“…because it’s not the first time it’s happened. It comes and goes, but it’s been more frequent in the past month. If you have cucumbers in the house, I can just cut some slices and put them on my eyes. I’ll be okay.”

“Hey, what’s happening? Is everything alright?” Dad asks.
“It’s Paul. He’s having pains in his eyes.”
“Son, you may have to look into visiting an optician and getting a pair of glasses.”
“I don’t think it’s that serious. It may just be the kind of work I do. You know I’m a programmer; I have to spend hours looking at the screen. Moreover, I just got into my thirties—I’m too young for that.”

My parents chuckle.
“Son, I started wearing medicated glasses in my twenties, and your dad started wearing his while in high school. Come to think of it, it may be hereditary. Most of your uncles and aunties on both your dad’s and my side of the family wear glasses. It’s probably glaucoma—that’s what we were mostly diagnosed with.”
“Mum, just give me the cucumber slices. I’ll be fine, trust me.”
“If you say so, son. But think about what we said. The earlier you get the glasses, the better.”

*2 Weeks Later*

It’s Saturday, and I’m getting ready to leave the house for my 10 o’clock appointment when my phone rings. Caller ID shows it’s Jason.

“Hey bro, how are you doing?”
“I’m great, really glad the weekend is here. I had such a busy week.”
“Same here, man. What are you up to? I was wondering if we could hang out later this evening. I have some business proposals I want you to analyze.”
“No problem. I’m getting ready to see an optician now, but after the appointment I’m free for the day.”
“An optician? … Is there an issue?”
“Yeah, I've been feeling this sharp pain in my eyes and getting these flashes of light. It’s been more frequent lately, and I'm thinking maybe it’s glaucoma. Both my parents were diagnosed with it when they were younger. Worse still, my line of work doesn’t help matters.”

Jason is silent for a while.
“Hello… Jason, are you still there?”
“Bro, have you forgotten who you are?”
“I don’t understand.”
“You’re sealed, man—and the sealed have a culture!”
“Yeah, man, I know I’m sealed…”
“You sure aren’t acting like it, ‘cause we don’t utter the kind of things you just did some minutes ago. Do you remember ‘I have a goodly heritage’? And this heritage doesn’t come with any disease. I think you need a word bath ‘cause you’ve been listening to the wrong voices.”

Suddenly, it’s like a lightbulb comes on in my mind.
“You’re right, bro. Optician appointment cancelled. Word appointment activated. Talk to you later—I need to do what I should have done since.”
“Sure thing. I’ll be expecting your call later.”

I go back to my room, pull out my iPad, and open the PCDL app. After going through the library for some minutes, I finally find what I’m looking for and click play—word bath mode activated.

It’s been thirty minutes. I am sweating even though the cooling unit is on. I am pacing the floor and uttering words, some in English and some in a strange language.

“…my body is the member of Christ (inserts unknown tongues)… that same Spirit quickens my eyes… my body is His temple, He sees through my eyes (inserts unknown tongues).”

*3 Months Later*

I bump into Jason at the shop close to my house.
“Paul, my guy, how are you? Fancy seeing you here. By the way, thanks for the other day—I made some changes to the business proposal, and it was approved.”
“Oh, that’s great. Congrats!”
“Meanwhile, how are things with your eyes?”
“J, I’m so happy you called me that day. I dealt with it right after we spoke, and that was the end of the pain and the flashes. In fact, my vision is clearer than it’s ever been.”
“That’s the sealed life, bro!”