It’s great to be starting school again. I had missed my friends, especially Eden.

“Hey Gianna, I kept a seat for you!” Eden shouts, waving at me.

“Thanks, Eden.” I launch myself at her for a bear hug.

“I missed you.”

“I missed you too, but I miss the holidays already,” she chuckles.

“Hey kids, it’s time to get off the bus.”

We get off and walk into the school compound, side by side.

“Hey G, there’s like a glow on your face. You can’t be that happy to be back in school. Honestly, no one ever looks this excited on the first day of school except the weirdos, and the last time I checked, you weren’t one.”

“Wellllllll, let’s just say something special happened to me during the summer. I became a member of a special group of people.”

“Oh really, that’s cool. Personally, I’m in enough groups and I have so much going on in my life right now. I can’t add being a part of a new group.”

“Trust me, Eden, you would definitely want to join this group when I tell you more about it.”

“I’m serious, Gianna. Maybe next year, but not this year. Anyways, let’s hurry to class.”

*Weeks later*

Our teacher is going around the class handing back our marked GST 601 test scripts. I am a little nervous because I remember the test was quite difficult for me.

“Ermm… Eden, what was your score? ‘Cause mine is not good,” I lean over to ask. Her desk has always been the one right in front of mine. It makes it easier for us to talk and pass notes during class, although we don’t do it all the time.

“G, mine is not good, and from the murmurings I’m hearing, no one’s score was above average.”

“This is not good at all.”

“I don’t think you should stress yourself over it though,” Eden tries to comfort me. “This is the 3rd test we’re writing in this course, and the results have not been any different. Remember we’ve always heard stories from seniors about how tough this course is. Right now, we should just aim at maintaining the average and not going below it.”

I know Eden is trying to say this is not a big deal, but I don’t understand why this is happening. This is not what I was expecting.

“Hey G, are you okay? You’ve been looking disturbed since you got this test result, and now you’re mumbling to yourself.”

Oops, I must have been speaking out loud.

“It’s just… it’s not supposed to be like this… this was not the picture I had… this was not the impression I was given… I’m supposed to be always on top.”

“Gianna, what are you talking about? What picture? What impression?… Who and what are you referring to?”

“It’s the special group I told you about.”

“Girl, you are making a big deal out of nothing. I don’t know what group you joined or what information they are giving you there. It’s just one course, and you’re acing the others. Moreover, it’s a general thing.”

“But I’m different!” I practically shout, feeling exasperated.
I know she doesn’t understand, but I know what I was told. I know what I believe.

*2 Days later*

It’s the weekend and I’m very eager to attend our special group meeting. We meet physically every weekend, and I always enjoy it. I gain so much knowledge about my new identity from every meeting.

Today, there are some things on my chest that I need to express—things that have been bothering me since I got that test result earlier in the week.

*Hours later*

“…and this is the end of our discussion. Before we go, is there anybody that has a question?… Yes, Gianna, I can see your hand. Please share your question with us.”

“Thank you. During the summer, not too long after I joined the group, I remember when one of you said that as members of this group, we will always remain tops in everything we do, including our academics. But there’s a course in school I’m having issues with, and even though everyone in school has resigned themselves to the fact that they won’t go above average, I don’t want that for myself. So, what am I not doing right?”

“The Sealed Ones have a manual, Gianna. Are you reading the manual? The manual is the best guide to show you who we are, how we operate, and how to live this life. You have to diligently study the manual for your questions to be answered. And mind you, it’s not a one-time thing—you have to study it daily to rightly live this life…”

“Ohhhh, I must confess, I was given the manual as soon as I became a member of the group, but I haven’t really been reading it ‘cause I thought attending these weekend meetings and listening to you all talk was enough. But now I’m going back to study it.”

*Days later*

Ever since I got back from the meeting last week, I’ve been studying the manual every day. There’s so much to see.

I’m studying the manual once again, and I see some striking sentences there:

“…but ye have an unction from the Holy One, and ye know all things.”

“…hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.”

I brood on these words for minutes and, after a while, I personalize them and repeat the words to myself, stopping only to utter strange tongues, until my whole mind is consumed with the words and new pictures are formed in me.

*1 Week later*

School is on, and our GST 601 teacher just walked into class. A collective groan resounds from the class.

Meanwhile, I start muttering to myself softly those precious words I had seen in the manual.

Minutes into the class, Eden nudges me softly. “Hey G, you seem to be following what is being taught…”

“Yeah, I actually am.”

“Really… how did that happen? Did you have extra lessons with the teacher?”

“No, you see…”

There’s an interruption from the teacher, and our conversation is cut short before I can explain.

“Okay class, we are going to have a quick test.”

The end of the Term

Awards are being handed to the best students in various courses.

“…and the Best Student in GST 601 is Miss Gianna Lee…”

“Wowwwwww, G! I know you’re smart, but for years there hasn’t been a best student in GST 601 because it’s so technical and tough to understand. I mean, when the school session started, the whole class, including you, complained about how we have to try so hard just to maintain average. But then, suddenly you started picking up and now you even got a distinction!!! What happened? ‘Cause I know you weren’t having extra classes with the teacher…”

“Well, Eden, remember I told you how I joined a special group of people? You see, there are certain things that are not consistent with these people, and one of these things is that they don’t fail at anything nor do they settle for average. When the test scores came out, I knew something was missing, so I had to study the manual of the group to know what to do.”

“Ohhh, you definitely need to tell me more about these people. I know I said I wasn’t interested in joining a new group, but now I’ve had a change of heart. What is the name of this group? What do I need to do to join them? Do they have room for more people? I need to know everything.”

“Woah woah, relax, I’ll tell you,” I say laughing. “We are called the Sealed Ones. And don’t worry, Sis, it’s so easy to be a member—you don’t need to do anything hectic. Also, there’s room for billions of people to join. Come, let me take you somewhere less noisy and tell you all about us.”